docs: update content in Evaluations and Task guides with KeptnAppContext (#2948)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/guides/evaluations.md

   that you need for your evaluations.
1. [Create KeptnEvaluationDefinition](#create-keptnevaluationdefinition-resources)
   resources for each evaluation you want to perform.
1. Manually create the appropriate `KeptnAppContext` resource

>    listing all `KeptnApp` level evaluations, referring to `KeptnEvaluationDefinition`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   listing all `KeptnApp` level evaluations, referring to `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resources
```

> 1. Annotate the workload YAMLs file for each `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resource

Author: ```suggestion
1. Annotate the workload YAML files for each `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resource
```

> 1. Annotate any of your workload YAML file for each `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Annotate the workload YAMLs file for each `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resource
```

>    you want to run pre- and/or post-deployment .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   you want to run pre- and/or post-deployment.
```

Note the following:

- One `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resource can include
  multiple `objective` fields that reference additional metrics.
  In this example, you might want to also query
  available memory, disk space, and other resources
  that are required for the deployment.
- The `KeptnMetric` resources that are referenced
  in a `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resource
  - can be defined on different namespaces in the cluster

>   -can query different instances of different types of metric providers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - can query different instances of different types of metric providers
```

- All objectives within a `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resource
  are evaluated in order.
  If the evaluation of any objective fails,
  the `KeptnEvaluation` itself fails.
- You can define multiple evaluations
  for each stage (pre- and post-deployment).
  These evaluations run in parallel so the failure of one evaluation
  has no effect on whether other evaluations are completed.

> - The results of each evaluation
>   is written to a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The results of each evaluation
  are written to a
```

  [KeptnEvaluation](../reference/api-reference/lifecycle/v1alpha3/index.md#keptnevaluation)
  resource.

> ## Annotate your workload resource for workload level Evaluations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Annotate the workload resource for workload level evaluations
```

If everything is fine, the deployment continues.

> ## Create KeptnAppContext for App level Evaluations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create KeptnAppContext for app level evaluations
```

To execute pre-/post-deployment evaluations for a `KeptnApp`,

> create a `KeptnAppContext` with the same name and in the same `namespace` as the `KeptnApp`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
create a `KeptnAppContext` resource with the same name and in the same `namespace` as the `KeptnApp`.
```

> The `KeptnAppContext` contains a list of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `KeptnAppContext` resource contains a list of
```

pre-/post-deployment evaluations
that should be executed before and after the
workloads within the `KeptnApp` are deployed.

See the [Getting started guide](../getting-started/lifecycle-management.md#more-control-over-the-application)
for more information on how to configure a `KeptnAppContext`
to execute pre-/post-deployment checks.

## Example of pre/post-deployment Evaluations

A comprehensive example of pre-/post-deployment
evaluations and tasks can be found in our
[examples folder](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/tree/main/examples/sample-app),
where we use [Podtato-Head](https://github.com/podtato-head/podtato-head)
to run some simple pre-deployment checks both at App and Workload level.

> Checkout the [readme](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/blob/main/examples/sample-app/README.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out the [readme](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/blob/main/examples/sample-app/README.md)
```
